Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Drillbit.
And in this story, we are going to see how to transform data.
The map method and its allies that is known as the collect method can basically transform the contents
of an area, meaning that it can perform an operation on each element in the area.
For example, you can just use the map function to perform Artomatic on each entry in an area and create
a new area that contains the new values.
So, for example, you have an area over here that contains a list of elements, let's say one, two,
three, four.
And what do you want to do over here is that you want to just square all these numbers using the map
function.
And that is what is the property of map function, is that it can perform an operation on each element
in the area.
So what you can do is that you can just have a variable schema over here that is that stands for basically
Square and you can just write in X dot map.
And in here, what you can do is that you can just write in the variable why that is going to grab the
first element and it is going to perform the operation on it.
And what is going to be the operation that you are going to specify?
Right.
Well, here you can just write in by Starick why our health?
And it is going to then grab a second value that is to it is going to perform this operation on it.
Then it is going to grab the third while you will perform this operation on it for two hours, you and
so on.
It has any number of values.
All you can do is just write inputs as you are running the score and you can see that you have got the
squares, all the numbers, and that is basically a new area that has been retained by this map function.
So the map is basically often used in that publications to transform an area into elements for an HDMI
dropdown list.
So to give you a very simplified version of how that might look.
Let me give you an example for this.
So let's say we have some elements of a hill.
That, let's say, says.
Debow than it has, let's say, Chir.
Then let's say it has your cell phone.
And then let's say it has a wall here.
So these are, let's say, the four elements that are in this area.
What you can do over here is that you can just ride in your hill and you can just ride and extort Mapa
Wahib.
But what you can do over here is that you can use Dag's over here.
So instead of this operation on a hill, what you can do is that you have to ride in.
This marks over here, just create the tax for the steam.
And if you are any kind of familiar with XHTML, then you know that there is this option one to help
dog that can be used.
You specify interpolation of a whatever that is going to store this very Bedwyr since we are using these
quotation marks.
So that's why we have to use interpolation over here and down here.
What you can do is that you can just close on these stacks.
So it is right and this option will help.
And all you have to do down here is just right in front hoppity around the school, and you can see
that each element of the area has been coated in these bags over here.
And since the map function, it is the property of it that it performs the operation on each of the
elements in the area that has been.
Specified with it, so that's why you can see that you have got bags with each element to help.
So Map returned a new area, leaving the original area unmodified.
But if you use the map with the exclamation mark, that would modify the existing area as well.
And remember, that map has an alias method called Collects, and you could be consistent and use one
or the other in your code.
Now, since MAP returns a new area, that array can then be transformed and manipulated further or even
converted into a string.
And that is what is the part of the next tutorial.
So for this tutorial, that's it.
You now know how to use the map function in the simplest way possible.
So in the next drill, we will see more on this.
So I guess that's administrator.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next redrill.